GitHub app terraform provider support (#808)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

FEATURES:

> * **New Data Source**: `d/tfe_github_app_installations` is a new data source to read the github app installations, by @roleesinhaHC ([#808](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe/pull/808))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **New Data Source**: `d/tfe_github_app_installation` is a new data source to read a github app installation by name or github installation id, by @roleesinhaHC ([#808](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe/pull/808))
```
